[Music]
ladies and gentlemen the victors of the
74th Hunger Games Katniss Everdeen and
Peeta Mellark
[Music]
she's not who they think she is
he just wants to say refer simple as
that
she has become a beacon of hope for them
so she has to be eliminated what do you
think I agree she should die but in the
right way at the right time Katniss
Everdeen is a symbol you don't have to
destroy her just her image show them
that she is one of us now
let them rally behind that
[Music]
they're gonna hate her so much they
might just kill her for you
[Music]
please just help me get through this
trip this trip doesn't end when you get
back home so what are we doing from now
on your job is to be a distraction so
people forget what the real problems are
she's miles on there she is kept is Emma
Dean a girl on fire
people are looking in you Katniss you've
given them an opportunity they just have
to be brave enough to take it you saved
my life
he gave me a chance yes to live no to do
something we have to go before they kill
us they will kill us
[Music]
our entire species must be eradicated
their species sir
the other deaths because of her they all
pose a threat because of her they all
think that I have not
[Music]